In the palindrome partition our goal is what?
we have to find out all the possible ways that we can split the
string in such a way that we need to find all the palindromes

aabaa->
all single letters are palindromes:
['a','a','b','a','a']
['aa','b', 'aa'] are also palindromes
['a','aba','a'] are palindromes
['aabaa'] is also a palindrome

How we are doing?
As per the manager subordinate theory

I am responsible for i'th position of the string,
like from i'th position to len(str)

And i am adding to slate i'th, i-i+1; i-i+2;... upto i:len(str)
After adding a single number to slate, i am calling my subordinate
to add slate all palindromes starting from i+1'st position onwards
So i add i'th element to the slate and i call my subordinate 
to start from i+1. 
For ex:
take aabaa
I am starting from 0'th position:
added following to slate: [a], called subordinate
start from 1'st: Checked slate is palindrome 
in the begining and its added to result. slate
remaining same
[aa], Again this is added to result

This subordinate calls next, he adds aab, this is not palindrome
returned.. 
Then this subordinate removes from slate
adds  'a', but a is a palindrome then why its not 
added to result

See we add the result after i reaches to length of the string.
slate is not going to get added immediately after last slate value is a palindrome

See i am going to add the value that i have received from my manager 

in the begining, if last value that my manager added is not a palindrome 

i return back.  
If i value of my manager equal to lenght of the string then i add

This is what i understood overall palinfrom paritions

We need to break the string such that its a palindrome. for ex:
Given the string aabaa, 
we can break the string at  a, a,b,a,a  all single characters such that each of the
character is a palindrome
We can break at [aa,b, aa]  such that each of them is a palindrome
That means we have to break the whole string at multiple places. so that there 
are multiple substrings and each of the substring is a palindrome. Ok that means
we need to break until we cover entire string length
This is why it is making the check there i == len(str) then append the slate to the result

How we are acheiving it?

1. we are defining multiple subordinates:
    1st one starting at 0 to len(str), 2nd one 1 to len(str), .. last one [len(str) -1 to len(str)]

    ist one appended to slate a, calls 2nd one -> it appends a( second char) , 
    3rd one appends to slate (b), 4th one slate(a), 5th one slate(a)

    One more thing each time a new subordinate is called 
    if old subordinate is already added something to slate,
    it is checked whether its a palindrome. 
    If its a palindrome then only it allows this new subordinate call
    to be executed.
    If it is not a palindrome, then newsubordinate call is now allowed

    In our first case, all single letters added to slate by each
    subordinate is a palindrome. Hence all of them are added to slate

    Also remember, this slate is a list[str], not a string.
    Thats why we are checking in the begining str[-1] as a palindrome

    See in aabaa, there are 5 characters. So 5 subordinates are called
     when i reaches 5, that means it already covered subordinates from 
     0 to 4, all are covered. Hence it adds this result to the
     final result object
    now 5th subordinate removes the element it added. and 
    Now th one removes a from slate and slate,
    it has done because it runs from str(len)-1 to str(len)
    Now slate has a,a,b,a
    Now 3rd subordinate, 

    


