How this is happening let me draw in piece of paper and explain
Lets take the example of the program a1b
I am going to add to slate 'a' since a is not a digit
And then i call the subordinate to process the next element
at position-1,
My 1st subordinate is going to process 1st element 
( w.r.t program string position), since
1st element is a digit, it is going to add it to slate, now
slate contain a1 and then calls its subordinate to process
i=2 second element.
slate length at 1st subordinate is 1 and 
processed slate length is 2 ( processed means that is handed over
to the ). Slate value at 1st subordinate is a, processed value is a1

Now 2nd subordinate ( with respect to me) is processing 2nd
element by adding small letter b to the slate-> slate = [a1b]
state of slate at second subordinate is [a1]. Processed slate is [a1b]

Now this call the 3rd subordinate. Here slate 
3rd subordinate checks that length of the slate is 3 and it prints
the result
and returns

now 2nd subordinate is at i =2 only, slate state here a1 
Now it processes capital value, a1B and it calls 3(b) subordinate

now a1B is prinyted by 3b and returns

Now this subordinate returns back to again 2nd subordinate
now 2nd subordinate has nothing to execute and returns to 1st subordinate 

1st subordinate state is slate = a and position =1 
It already added a digit and nothing to execute and returns to me 

So my 1st subordinate has done everything by printing all results
start with 'a',. this is recursive leap of faith

Now i am going to add 'A' to slate = [A] and call the 1(b) 
subordinate now same thing repeats. This is called 
recursive leap of faith and this subordinate is going to take care

In the optimised version we are using the same thing but we are using mutable
string. And only one copy is passed.

Now what happens if the string is not cleaned what it has added?

let's take simple example:
a1b
i am processing slate with 'a' and handed over to the subordinate
1st subordinate is going to receive a. And he process slate with 1
and calls the 2nd subordinate

2nd subordinate adds to slate b and calls the 3rd sub ordinate which 
is going to just print the element  a1b 

Now control comes to 2nd subordinate, since we are not removing from slate
slate has a1b, and second subordinate adds to slate B, slate = a1bB 
And calls the 3rd subordinate: since i =3, 3rd subordinate prints the element
a1bB
Now returns. 2nd subordinate also returns 
1st subordinate also returns 
Now control comes to me, i have slate with a1bB 
Now i am going to add 'A' to slate, now slate is : a1bBA 
Now again same thing repeats: 1st subordinate adds 1: a1bBA1, i=1
second subordinate called with i=2, it adds 'b', slate is : a1bBA1b 
calls 3rd subordinate with i=3, it prints the value a1bBA1b.
and returns,. now 2nd subordinate adds B to slate and calls 
the 3rd subordinate: now slate has: a1bBA1bB. This is printed 
Hence everytime slate is printed with previous value. 
