Review of the problems done so far 
Let's take helper() method used in recursion
If we call the helper method only once in the recursion then 
its called repatedly until the base condition meets

This we can depeict as subordinate returning me what i desired, thats its
provded we take base condition to terminate the subordinate 

Suppose if i call 2 helper methods then 
first subordinate -> second one -> third one -> keeps calling the chain 
until the base condition terminates the chain and returns back 
And then second subordinate called until its chain complates and terminated by base condition 
and returns back
The way i can depict is 1st subordinate is doing my job and coming back 
Second subordinate is doing my job and coming back 

Let's apply this to the letter case permutation
Whenever there is a letter i am calling 2 subordinates
ist subordinate adds lower letter, and i can assume that it finishes the rest of 
the job by adding remaining slots of the slate  all other numbers by its subordinates 
and returns back to me
Now i call the second subordinate,I am adding capital version of the 1st letter 
to it. Rest of the elements are filled my subordinates with the remaining letters 
and they come back 

Let's apply this to subsets problem. First we add to the slate empty slot in 1st place 
and i am calling subordinate to add from second place. Subordinate finishes with all
the elements starting from second position without filling 1st one. 
How come 1st subordinate does it? Since its always receives enmpty one? Its the job
of its subordinates which adds by including elements as well. Its duty is just gather all 
elements without adding 1st element
Similarly in the above problem duty of the 1st subordinate is just add first element with small letter
and then finish the rest.
Next second subordinate comesback by adding all other elements which starts with 
by including the first element. It finish all those results and come back 

Let's apply this to the permutation:
here we are dynamically defining the subordinates
Size of the subordinate is from i to len(num) 
that means i am calling subordinates of size 0 to 3, let'ssay lenght of string is 3
total i am calling 3 subordinates 
1st subordinate does the following:
it adds to slate 0th  element and ask its subordinate do calculate permutations 
starting from 1st element onwards, which i don't need to worry about 
my first subordinate finishes its job and comes back with the result 
of all permutations starting with first number

Here the main doubt is how first 1st subordinate executes, how many subordinate dynamically 
its going to create? Same principle applies there
Its responsibility is from second to third slot hence it creates 2 subordinates
In previous problems every subordinate needs only 2 subordinates 
Here it varies how come first problems don't need and this problem need?
First problem and second problem, every subordinate has to do 
2 operations captial and small. But when it comes to filling the slot only one slot 
each of them is filling 

Here also every subordinate is filling only 1 slot, why we need 3 subordinates 
for i=0, 2 subordinates for i=1 and 1 subordinate for i=2?
Its not about slot fliing, in both problems every subordinate fills only 1 slot 
But whats the key differentiator?
In my case i am keeping 1st element in slate and calling subordinate-1
I am keeping second element in position 1 and calling the subordinate-2 
i am keeping 3rd element in position 1 and calling the subordinate-3 

Also for every subordinate i am calling i am asking them to start from the second position 
(this is same as previous 2 problems). which shouldn't include the element that is added 
to the slate, this is taken care by the logic.
But primary question why we need variable subordinates, even though every time same 
subordinate is only adding 1 element to slate?
Yes i am calling 3 subordinates each of them adding 1st,second aand third element to slate 
in 1st position of the slate 

my 1st subordinate does following: 
Its going to add 2 and 3rd element to the slate at positon 2 

its subordinates are going to add only 3rd element to slate at position-3

So here the variable part is number of elements added to the slate varies 
I need to add only 3 elements to slate at positon-0 and call the subordinates
level-1:
subordinate needs to add only 2 elements to the slate at position-1 starting from
posotion-1 ( This is also same as previous add to slate at posotio-1 starting from positionsition-1
of the input) 
level-2
subordinate is going to add only 1 element at position-3 of slate and input posotion-3 

In previous problems every subordinate needs to add 2 elements to the slate 

Thats the difference

So the difference between the previous two and current one is:
Every subordinate last 2 things every time we need 2 coordinator each of them 
need to add upper and lower,include and exclude.
For example give a number 1,2,3
In permutation case first we need to add to slate 3 numbers in the first slot 
In the second slot i have to add only 2 numbers. 
Third slot i have to add only 1 number

Where as in letter case permutation, given a number abc:  
first slot i have to add 2 numbers a and A. second slot i add b and B .
Third slot i add c and C. 
So for every slot we need 2 subordinates.  Each subordinate adding small and capital 
and returning to their boss the results.

Thats the difference of subordinates required for each level

Again the implication is same, everytime i add anumber to slate subordinate takes care 
of the rest of slots addition with first slot being the number i added and returns 
back 

This principle still holds good
Hence we have to only focus on how many subordinates are required at each slot 
based on that we need to call that many

Suppose take for example permutations of numbers 1,2,3 with repetetions allowed and given 
a slate with 3 slots 
Each slot we have to place elements equal to the numbers but the position of the number
varies in each slot 

Hence for this we need subordinates size equal to the overall numbers 
and first subordinate adds 1  and level-1 subordinates add all numbers 111,112,113,121,122,123,131,132,133
 hence number of subordinates required equal to total numbers each leve 
 for i in range(0,len(nums)):
   slate.append(num[i])
   helper(slate,i+1)
   slate.pop()
Becuase every slot we need to add all 3 numbers repeptetion allowed 
 This is the principle
Now coming to original problem of permutation with repetetion:
there are repeated numbers for ex: 1223 how to do the permutations:
In given subordinate we can add to slate a given number only once 
That means i can add to slate 2 only once. I can't add to slate 2 same numbers
why?
for ex:
i add 1 to slate and call subordinate which takes care 223
subordinate-1: add to slate 2; calls subordinate-2, it adds to slate
23 and 32 and prints:  1223,1232; 
Now subordinate-1 again add to slate 2, then what happens, same 
results 1223 and 1232 are printed and repeated. Hence it will skip same
number adding to slate, since me or any subordinate is going to
add to slate always add to fixed position. Thats the reason.
Hence the logic is simple:
Every layer checks whether any number is repeated, if it is then
it is going to skip it, to prevent duplication of same results

Again repeating why first 2 problems are using only 2 subordinates?
And why permutation is using dynamic subordinates ranging from
current position of slate where data is adding to the last position?

Reason is in first two problems we always have to add capital and small 
by every subordinate at every psotion 'i'

But in permutation for ex: 123, at a given position i=0, we have 
to add 3 numbers 1,2,3 in the slate.
Given one of the number added to slate at position 1, we have to add 
only 2 remaining numbers at position=1 thats wht 2 subordinates 
at slate-2. Finally at position 3 only 1 number has to be added and 
only 1 subordinate is required



 