Let me revise again all the three problems, letter case permutation,
subsets and permutations, permutations with duplicate numbers

letter case: 
We are filling each position in the slate with the capital 
and small value. Hence for each position of 'i' we need 
subordinates of fixed size of 2 

for ex give abc:
slate: --- 
first position i fill with a and A. 
After filling a with first position i call my subordinate 
to fill second position. Here position of slate and position of
input number both are same. Hence my subprdinate start fill second
position with b and B. Second subordinate position 3 with c and C


i fill with a, my subordinate fills with b, his subordinate c 
then calls final subordinate with i=3. Its stores result 

Similarly 3rd subordinate fills with C, and prints the result: abC 

So i can assume my subordinate takes care of other letters b and C
all combinations. This is called recursive faith 

Similarly i fill with A and rest of all numbers are taken care by my 
subordinate 

For the second problem of subsets:
Every subordinate fills 2 options in the slate include and exclude 
a number in the slot i and calls the subordinate to add number 
at position i into slot i

for ex: Given: 1,2,3 
I am going to fill slot  0 with - (empty) and 1 
Call my subordinate to fill next slot=1 and posotion=1 of the 
input by include and exclude choices 
For me: my subordinate takes care of for empty slot, i.e.,  [],[2],[3],[2,3]
for adding 1, my subordinates takes care of: 
[1],[1,2],[1,3],[1,2,3] overall 8 elements are generated 

For the permutation problem:
Given input: 1,2,3
At position 1 of slot i add 3 numbers 1,2,3 
position 2 only 2 numbers, if 1 i add, add 2,3; 
if 2 i add add 1,3; if 3 i add add 1,2 
So there are 2 things here for a given posotion 
We have to add to slot pos 0, 3 numbers.
pos=1 2 numbers, pos=2 1 numbers 
in general pos i, we need to i to len(num) numbers 
also another contract: if we add i'th element to slate 
subordinate should skip this ith number and add the remaining 
elements to the slate.
How to ahive this: 
suppose i add 1, then i can send 2 and 3
if i add 2, then how to send 1 and 3,
we are asking always subordinate to operate from position i+1 
we can swap the number we added always to position i
so that i+1'st position never has the element added by i'th one 
For ex: 
pos=0, 1 added to slate 
i can exchange 0 and 0 posotions 
pos=0 2 added exchange 0 and 1 posotions, so that 1st posiotion 
of my subordinate don't have number 2.
Similarly pos=0 if i add 3, exchange into pos=0 and pos=3 elements
such that at 1--2 of number don't have 3. 

How we are handling duplicates:

For duplicates: let's say : 1223
i have my slate ----
level-0,  0'th pos of num add number 1 to slate and my subordinate retursn me rest of all
numbers starting with 1--- 
level-0 1st  pos of num add num 2 to slate my subordinate returns all 
starting with 2---
level-0 2nd pos of num add num 2 again to slate, again it produces 
the same results as adding 1st number at pos=0 of the slate. Hence 
The idea is we need to skip duplicates while adding all numbers to slate 

Another difference 1st 2sets of problems and permutations 
Always fixed number of options at each pos of slate first two 
Where as permutation adding dynamic numbers at every posotion i 
of the slate 
 




